this is another night festival video
this is Jake Daniels he is an 8th grader
at Grand Blanc is nice middle school
gara Perdita he's an 8th grader kid
Garrett played at niles that's where he
went to high school graduated in two
thousand two thousand went on to play at
Central Michigan co chips with Chris
Kaman some other really good basketball
players there and then exactly had a
six-year career overseas so Garrett is
going to be a max basketball trainer
he's going to be included a lot of the
videos that we're going to be showing
you from this point on and today what
we're going to be doing it's just a
different series all over the court ball
handling shooting coming off Knicks pick
and roll this one right here is going to
be loco or combo series where he's Jake
is going to be dribbling up doing a
multitude of things crossing between his
legs sealy created separation from this
first footprint which is a defender to a
live defender and Garrett who's going to
force him one way or the other he's got
to read and react and finish at the
basketball and so that's the premise of
what we're going to be starting with
just keep rolling from guarantee so here
we go first thing is going to do is you
can attack
in transition and he's going to go left
to right to the left right cross between
his legs and spin that behind his back
and Garrett is going to be compatible
point line they said of course
with my eyes just
hey good